README.md, before:

# React + TypeScript + Vite

This template provides a minimal setup to get React working in Vite with HMR and some ESLint rules.

Currently, two official plugins are available:

- [@vitejs/plugin-react](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react/README.md) uses [Babel](https://babeljs.io/) for Fast Refresh
- [@vitejs/plugin-react-swc](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react-swc) uses [SWC](https://swc.rs/) for Fast Refresh

## Expanding the ESLint configuration

If you are developing a production application, we recommend updating the configuration to enable type aware lint rules:

- Configure the top-level `parserOptions` property like this:

```js
export default {
  // other rules...
  parserOptions: {
    ecmaVersion: 'latest',
    sourceType: 'module',
    project: ['./tsconfig.json', './tsconfig.node.json'],
    tsconfigRootDir: __dirname,
  },
}
```

- Replace `plugin:@typescript-eslint/recommended` to `plugin:@typescript-eslint/recommended-type-checked` or `plugin:@typescript-eslint/strict-type-checked`
- Optionally add `plugin:@typescript-eslint/stylistic-type-checked`
- Install [eslint-plugin-react](https://github.com/jsx-eslint/eslint-plugin-react) and add `plugin:react/recommended` & `plugin:react/jsx-runtime` to the `extends` list

Commit message:

Refactor API call in TruckList component to use axios. Updated the README

README.md, after:

# Truck Rental App

## Overview

Welcome to the Truck Rental App! This project features a robust backend API built with Node.js and Express, utilizing MongoDB for efficient data storage. On the frontend, a sleek React application powered by Vite provides an intuitive user interface for managing a fleet of trucks.

## Key Features

- **CRUD Operations**: Seamlessly perform Create, Read, Update, and Delete operations for trucks in your fleet.
- **User-Friendly Interface**: The React frontend ensures a smooth and engaging experience for users interacting with the application.
- **Efficient Data Storage**: MongoDB is employed to efficiently store and retrieve truck-related data.

## How to Use

1. **Setup Backend**: Ensure the Node.js backend is running and connected to MongoDB.
2. **Launch Frontend**: Start the React frontend with Vite to access the user interface.
3. **Manage Trucks**: Use the provided interface to manage your fleet of trucks with ease.

## Technologies Used

- **Backend**: Node.js, Express, MongoDB
- **Frontend**: React, Vite
- **Additional Libraries**: Axios

## Getting Started

1. Clone the repository.
2. Set up the backend and frontend environments.
3. Launch the application and start managing your truck fleet!

## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).
